18th June 2025.
First, I created two new profiles: Executive and Manager. I started writing Apex code to fetch user data. I created a new LWC component to check if I could get user details including profile and department. This was specifically for the employee (executive) role. Since I also needed to fetch questions for the executive, I created a new Apex class (QuestionsController) with methods for fetching and submitting questions.

I wrote a function to get questions linked to the active form of the user's department (by using UserController to fetch the user’s department), and then retrieved questions based on that form ID.

Next, I created an LWC component to test this by logging console.log() outputs. Once I confirmed the questions were being accessed correctly, I created a page to display them. When I logged in as an executive, I couldn't access the Lightning Experience, so I updated the Executive profile to enable it.

Then I faced another issue: the Executive profile didn’t have access to the User Apex class. To resolve this, I created a custom permission (Executive_Access) and assigned it through a permission set (Executive Permission Set). In this set, I granted access to the Apex class, the app I created using App Manager, and any relevant objects.

Finally, after assigning the permission set to the executive user, I was able to log in and view everything properly from the Executive Sales account.


------------------------------------------------------------------

19th June 2025.
Handled Employee feedback submission by creatiing apex class.
Then created a apex function to get questions and answers both for an employee and display them once it has been submitted.
I also created a new LWC component to display the questions and answers for the employee role.

how to move ahead.
now to move to the manager profile.

The manager should be able to view the questions and answers submitted by all employees in their department. So first i need an apex function in the QuestionsController class to fetch all questions and answers for a specific department. This will involve querying the Question and Answer objects based on the department ID. so the response will be a list of questions and all the answers by every employee in that department. 
Then, I will create a new LWC component to display this information in a user-friendly format. The component should allow the manager to see all questions and answers submitted by employees in their department.

we will later on enter the part where manager himself can submit questions and answers, but for now, we will focus on displaying the existing data.

after we do that we will enable the manager to click on a profile, 
no wait. i should rather create one function to get the questions and the answers for the employee and manager both for one question ID.
There should be question id, employee response, manager response (if there or null) for every employee.


